README.md, before:

# MarkdownEditor 

[![CI][github_actions_badge]][github_actions_url]
[![Coverage Status][coveralls_badge]][coveralls_url]

**MarkdownEditor** is a tool enabling Squeak users to write Markdown in Squeak with highlighting. The Editor is designed to *focus on the Markdown you write*, no other distractions.

![Editor Window](screenshots/window.png)

## Features

The editor works like a normal workspace, but highlights the Markdown as you type. You can save the text as usual and also copy into and from the window.  
It is by no means feature complete. But the aspects we included, are conforming to the [Github Flavored Markdown Specification](https://github.github.com/gfm/). 

- [x] Realtime syntax highlighting
- [x] ATX-Headings
- [x] Bold & Italics
- [x] Smalltalk code blocks
- [x] HTML comment blocks
- [x] Unordered lists
- [ ] Ordered lists
- [x] URLs
- [ ] Images
- [ ] Highlight escaped characters

## How To Install
You can install the **MarkdownEditor** by opening any text field, pasting the following snippet and execute a *Do-It*:

```smalltalk
Metacello new
	baseline: 'MarkdownEditor';
	repository: 'github://hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor:master/packages';
	load
```

After that, you can open the Editor via the *"App"*-menu:  
![Opening Markdown Editor](screenshots/how-to-open.png)

## Contributing
During development, we set up some guidelines for coding. If you want to contribute, please have a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## History
This is a project developed for the Software Engineering course, started during summer term 2019 - continued during
summer term 2020.  
Developers: Felix Gohla, Kira Grammel, Clara Granzow, Maximilian Kleissl, Henok Lachmann, Jonas Kordt, Lara Pfennigschmidt, Martin Schilling, Jakob Stigloher, Adrian Ziupka  
When continuing this project, please feel free to add your names to the list. 😊

<!-- References -->
[coveralls_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/badge.svg?branch=master
[coveralls_url]: https://coveralls.io/github/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor
[github_actions_badge]: https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master
[github_actions_url]: https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/actions

Commit message:

Add rudimentary travis configuration as a workaround to report the coverage to coveralls

README.md, after:

# MarkdownEditor 

[![CI][github_actions_badge]][github_actions_url]
[![Coverage Status][coveralls_badge]][coveralls_url]

**MarkdownEditor** is a tool enabling Squeak users to write Markdown in Squeak with highlighting. The Editor is designed to *focus on the Markdown you write*, no other distractions.

![Editor Window](screenshots/window.png)

## Features

The editor works like a normal workspace, but highlights the Markdown as you type. You can save the text as usual and also copy into and from the window.  
It is by no means feature complete. But the aspects we included, are conforming to the [Github Flavored Markdown Specification](https://github.github.com/gfm/). 

- [x] Realtime syntax highlighting
- [x] ATX-Headings
- [x] Bold & Italics
- [x] Smalltalk code blocks
- [x] HTML comment blocks
- [x] Unordered lists
- [ ] Ordered lists
- [x] URLs
- [ ] Images
- [ ] Highlight escaped characters

## How To Install
You can install the **MarkdownEditor** by opening any text field, pasting the following snippet and execute a *Do-It*:

```smalltalk
Metacello new
	baseline: 'MarkdownEditor';
	repository: 'github://hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor:master/packages';
	load
```

After that, you can open the Editor via the *"App"*-menu:  
![Opening Markdown Editor](screenshots/how-to-open.png)

## Contributing
During development, we set up some guidelines for coding. If you want to contribute, please have a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Travis
As of now there are issues with reporting the coverage from Github-Actions to Coveralls, which is why we still have 
Travis configured to report the coverage from there. Travis should be removed as soon as these problems are resolved. 

## History
This is a project developed for the Software Engineering course, started during summer term 2019 - continued during
summer term 2020.  
Developers: Felix Gohla, Kira Grammel, Clara Granzow, Maximilian Kleissl, Henok Lachmann, Jonas Kordt, Lara Pfennigschmidt, Martin Schilling, Jakob Stigloher, Adrian Ziupka  
When continuing this project, please feel free to add your names to the list. 😊

<!-- References -->
[coveralls_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/badge.svg?branch=master
[coveralls_url]: https://coveralls.io/github/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor
[github_actions_badge]: https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master
[github_actions_url]: https://github.com/hpi-swa-teaching/MarkdownEditor/actions
